One bright sunny day, as I sat hunched over my keyboard busily typing in "alert(..." over and over again in an attempt to debug a very intractable problem, I dreamed that there had to be a better way. Using alert sucks in many ways, a major one of which is that when you are finished with them, you have to either erase them or comment them out. If you erase them and there's a problem, you have to type them in again, which is even more painful then having to uncomment existing lines. All in all, it makes developing and debugging JavaScript apps kinda sucky - the almighty Firebug notwithstanding.

Don't get me wrong - Firebug is essential and runtime debugging scripts should be the first skill any budding webmaster should learn. The problem I continually faced was that I wanted to quickly see what my code was thinking. Setting and unsetting and disabling and re-enabling breakpoints can be just as frustrating and time consuming as managing your alert comments, and they can't be shared with other developers like alerts can. Even worse, breakpoints can only give you a view of a slice of time - you only ever see what is going on at any given point at the location of the breakpoint during the current execution. There's no way to get an aggregate view of multiple executions from a given breakpoint - nor can you with alerts.

Those are the problems if you use Firebug - probably the best web development tool in existence.  If you use (or are forced by your project) to use Internet Explorer, you get to use Web Developer Toolbar to debug your code. Good luck with that.

Into this hellish void... ok, so hellish might be a little strong since we're not talking about a Microsoft language. Anyway - into this suckish void did I bring into being the Hound of Logs.